Hello everybody that's reading this. This is version 2 of this, to explain my life. I have autism, so the first version wasn't articulated super well. And thus, I'm going to try to be better about it here. 

First of all, I'll mention a few things. First of, I do have an eidetic memory. This means I do not forget things, except with a complication with it known as PANDAS. I have Schizophrenia, Schizotypal Personality Disorder and DID (multiple personalties). Thus, there are complications when dealing with any single thing. Truthfully, i have a lot more conditions than just those. I am also a halfu. 

In fact, two CTDs: EDS (Ehlers Danlos) and LDS (Loeyz-Dietz). These mean the collagen in my body are much weaker, and it's produced much more, causing a butterfly effect and causing a lot of medical issues. This includes being immunocompromised. I haven't left my house, besides for emergencies, since 2020. But even if I wanted to, I have severe Agoraphobia. This makes me afraid of leaving my room. 

With all that said, I feel a compulsion to let people know why I'm so weird, which is why I'm going to tell you my past. Because my stimming is REALLY bizarre, and I feel as though I should explain how all this trauma even began, as well as what I'm going through. And there's no better way in my opinion, besides for being honest and 100% transparent.


From the young ages, I grew up in japan, from 8 - 13. But with that said, a LOT of things have happened before that. First of all, my parents are not good parents. They allowed me, all my life growing up, to be a personal glory hole essentially. I never had a sense of what sex was, until I was about 15, because to me, it was just an uncomfortable experience. I was raped by most of my brother's friends growing up, with little say in it. Some decided me to be "rough" and include knives, despite it being not necessary. I was naive to all this, and.. I never quite understood the concept of it all until much, much later. 

When growing up, there were many situations where I was like a test rat - my parents, of whom signed off on me being raped for money, saw that my hips were dislocating more often than not in some positions (they put videos on the dark net at times. I'm unsure whether they have the videos, but they're trying to be better, but I'll get into that.)

Whenever I'd bleed from just a knife to my throat, lots of blood came out, more than usual to them. I would get injured a lot, as, I really liked Parkour. I was able to do a lot of things, but anyways - Whenever I got injured, I got VERY INJURED. So, all my life, I was thrown into hospitals with things like Spinal Taps, PH probes (Had acid reflux upon being in cold air such as in Hokkaido), along with many more painful ones, just because doctors didn't believe my parents, and thus, they "tested them" by seeing if they'd accept... which they did, not knowing it was a test. In their minds, they were trying to make sure it wasn't smth like cancer. 

While that said, when i hit the age of 8, I met a kid named Carter of whom was a foreigner in my old prefecture (Tokyo) - And he was first and best friend. He acted kind at first, but got jealous a lot because of my memory. He always thought he was lacking bc of my memory making me learn fast. I'll set him aside for now. 

My dad was in a branch of an IT company, and so when he saw me playing roblox that had coding, and saw me trying, he showed me one thing, and I kept getting better. memorizing it all, i ended up at college level in coding by age of 10. I just hyper-fixiated on it, with my ADHD and Autism. Anyways, I learned everything very fast because of this. But then.. Disaster much more rough than anything thus far struck. Even bigger than being a lab rat. 

Carter's parents divorsed. His mother, a japanese womain, gained custody of him. So he lived with me, and that flipped a switch in his brain. 

He wanted me to pay for all the little things he was jealous about. One day he told me to head out to an area, I couldn't find him, then got knocked out. He was hiding. When I woke up, I heard his father. He sounded angry, and I didn't know why. I had a bag over my head, it was a cloth kind - I don't know quite how to explain it. Kind of like an old wheat one.

I was cuffed to the wall with what i think was rope, unable to do anything. I didn't know where I was, I was naked (but that didn't bother me due to the fact that I was used to that), I'm going to skip over the rough parts, but.. let's just say there was torture. blade on my genitalia, body, and I was raped constantly by different people, likely for a price. I honestly thought I'd be trafficked from everything i knew. But.. after they severely scarred me with a cold blade for what felt like weeks, was only 3 days. i had to sleep with my arms dislocated behind my back. But due to my CTDs, that's fairly normal - just by taking a deep breath i dislocate them a little (sublux).

anyways, after 3 days of not having anything to eat, nothing to drink except for once in the middle through the bag, i was knocked out. i woke up in a dumpster, and i think i was supposed to be picked up by the truck and taken away, but.. i woke up before that. 

i made my way home, only for my parents to severely punish me, feeling unfair, with no nails on my feet anymore, the rest being wounds i hid, while they thought i was doing drugs. They saw the bruises all over, and a few knife wounds, but i hid the bad ones. this was part of their changing process. 

Then, after i tried telling them about what happened, they didn't believe me. but that said, the "golden child" that was my brother couldn't deal with the heat in the summer. So, we ended up moving. 

We moved to where I'm currently located. By this time, i was 13, was fluent in 4 languages (english, japanese, welsh and korean). They finally got the medical answers through a doctor when we moved, and that doctor basically became a family friend. She ended up helping my parents change to be at least somewhat okay...but the very free me back then.. i was told I'd likely live the rest of my life a cripple, after puberty if she was correct about her CTD theory. Which she was. She diagnosed me, and those two CTDs ended up with something like 80 someodd conditions. I don't know how many exactly, but now that I'm 24.. it's fucking hell. but I'll talk on that in time. But i was diagnosed with Sydenhams Chorea. I was basically a vegetable for a year, but.. I moved to the internet. And in that primal state, I started to study books, memorizing them. The PANDAS wasn't making me having a tough time yet, so. I memorized all the details I'd need to be able to graduate bc that was a big stress on me, was the homeschooling bc of my parents. And so.. I did. And i did perfect marks on the test, and graduated highschool at 14. They had an offer for me to test my IQ through a screening via MENSA. As having an Asian mom, of course, they accepted the test (my mom did at 16, so she was very jealous), and I was calculated to have approximately 187 IQ. My mother, whose IQ I never found out, was so diatraught by me having a higher one than her, that she declined the offer of me joining mensa saying "Life is good as is. You're too shitty for this route".

And so.. I didn't join mensa. But, I did start into the internet kinda saga of my life. I made a lot of friends at first, by doing the only thing that i knew how to do, from learning from carter-- lying. So, i made a LOT of friends. Then.. i felt the remorse. i lost every single one, with one to spare. there were around 40 friends that i lost in that "wave". but at that time, little did i know, it became a habit to lie. And so.. with every passing wave, I'd lie to people, make them think i were this god.. then just tell them the truth, and they'd hate me for it. 

This happened more times than i can count. By the age of 16, i had lost over 300 friends. I couldn't bear the pain, so i locked myself away and binged anime. I'd be up for days, only to pass out in my chair, wake up, and be paranoid and hallucinate carter in my room, telling me things to try to kill myself, while i grew attached to this room. 

Too attached, in fact. I became so attached to this room that it became the only place that i felt safe in. I still hallucinate carter's voice and body all the time, with my schizophrenia. I started to shatter as time went on, bc i just couldn't take it.. and ended up with DID. At present time, I have 7 personalities. each very different, but we try to keep it to ourselves to not look insane to others. 

anyways, at the age of 17, i kept breaking down having full body panic attacks that pushed my body and ended with me in a fibromyalgic pain flare. Psychotic breaks, scratching myself bloody, passing out if i left my room for more than an hour, no friends bc i didn't know how to make one without lying, i was stuck in my life.  until 2018, i was playing a game on my pc, and i met my past best friend. they ended up with a coincidence that made them friends with me. and when i finally tried to stop lying, i failed again. but instead of blocking me, this friend told me the things they lied about, too, and why it's okay. we started hanging out every day, and i started to gain friends again. more and more. 

2020 rolls around, and i ended up falling down my staircase causing a CSF leak in my body, ontop of many other things. But.. with all my conditions, i ended up having to stay indoors bc of COVID. it didn't really matter to me bc i was going to anyways due to my agoraphobia. i just wasn't going to eat as much fast food. which.. then people started to leave quarantine, but..i couldn't. my doctor has said it strictly to stay indoors unless emergency. my whole family having all these medical issues, being genetic, we'd all die if we got covid. the common cold gives me a 104 F degree fever usually.. let alone my mom. she usually gets pneumonia bc of it. and not the walking type. anyways, life became more and more hard, and then i had to have a colonoscopy from shitting blood after i pushed myself too hard in 2021. i was vomiting blood, bleeding nose upon pushing myself. to add, all the time, needing oxygen (I'm on 3lpm), along with epilepsy, vertigo, and aphantasia coming upon me. then.. i started to really get into free zero. i tried making an ai for it bc i was lazy at wanting to learn a new skill, and i already had coding, so i coded a framework to hopefully help. i was really embarassed about it, and told everybody i was gonna TL it myself, all of it. then people like Ice and Jaerek started to notice me, and my machine TLs.. and it's part of my dark past. i started to lie again. but then, halfway thru my shitty translations, my best friend started a pact with all other friends of mine... and committed suicide. 


i have never been so close to suicide before.  but then, i heard "hi ren" by ren.. and i just repeated it, sobbing. parents still neglecting me, and my anorexia coming at full brunt, i was only eating a few meals a month, while taking supplements for food and protein.. i just can't way much anymore. i fucking hate it because smth carter did was, not only emotionally abusing me bf the torture, he'd weigh my weight every few weeks, and if i was 5lbs over what he arbitrarily considered overweight? I'd have the 5 * 10 stones thrown at my back. him good at baseball, and in his twisted mind, he was trying to make me "fit" because he had a crush on me. anyways..

i still don't eat what i should, i eat about 8 meals a month. maybe 9, on a good month. Just enough to keep my body going. i stopped the machine tls, and had about 2 years of isolation from people besides for my shitty family. so i just.. watched anime, learned college stuff without college bc of my SSDI, but.. then an old friend reached out to me saying it was their bad, and if i wanted, i could go into a gc. i decided to do it, and accept their offer. and then i got back into the rz community, with two years of regrets. and so.. i decided I'm gonna do the people a favor, and do the TLs that they can't read in jp, that they want to read -- arc 3. but i had no experience in translation. so i decided to give myself a training arc, 1-3. so i started that recently, and that more or less brings you up to date. it's been also half a decade indoors, unable to really leave due to covid. i just.. feel hopeless. yet, I'm thinking of this translation as my legacy. i don't know what is left for me in this life, so I'm GOING to at least give my whole interpretation of the story, translated. I will do this even if it costs me my life, as long as i can get to the end of it. that's why I'm pushing myself - i shouldn't have children, even if i had a bf/gf. yet, i don't. so, I'm going to use this. both this message you see, as my legacy, as well as my interpretation of one of my favorite series of all time. especially if it means others may find joy in it. i really don't want to step on toes, but.. i might need to for this. 

my life is complicated. i have to focus on things at all times or else i get suicidal. i learn things super fast, but.. that's not worth the cost my life has had on me. 


I've had people call "version 1" of my story unbelievable. but.. i didn't know it was, because of my autism. so, I'm trying to cut out the things that are hard to believe, knowing I'm far from well adjusted. i don't know what's what in my life, but i know I've made a lot of mistakes.. and i heavily regret them. between the machine tl's being called genuine ones, to ignoring my best friend's suicide letter.. I've fucked up a lot. my life is fucked. but that doesn't excuse me. 

i will at least try to make it up to you guys. even if you believe in all of this or not, i do care, yes, but.. I'm going to ignore it, and just.. try to push forward and do my best. i need to leave my legacy behind.. i genuinely don't know how many more years i have in me, but.. translating will hopefully at least distract me. I'm sorry to everybody. I'm just doing my best, and that's all i ever have. but i have made a lot of mistakes down the road, with the cards i was given. amyways, this is a huge thing of text, so I'll end it after saying one more thing. 

if you relate to any of this, think that luife isn't worth living,  give me a text. i don't know where my life is going. but I'll continue to try living. 

I'm sorry to make you read all that. I've had a rough life, and.. i need to let it out. i need people to know why i have such weird quirks. let alone my medical conditions. i may update this later with each one. anyways, that's enough rambimg.